Today with monotonous regularity.
Australian newspapers carry headlines.
They reflect the shocking trend in the conduct of our youth.
So which parental elements and lack of supervision is about to play.
It would be easy to blame the places where young people gather,
but that would be abating.
The real issue.
The old adage,
but they find mr,
yet for idle hands to do applies,
particularly many young off alien parents do not bother to check how or with whom
they're spending their time.
Adolescents are struggling with their feelings of aggression and sexuality,
along with the need to establish an identity.
They're rebelling and experimenting sexually,
trying to find out who they want to be,
like what they want to become.
A they go over.
Here.
Freedom,
freedom!
That's enough to frighten any parent.
The imagination is running wild.
To be in the movie a while.
You're in one now.
No,
i'm not.
Kids today have no manners,
no sense of values.
Half of them are longhairs drug addicts.
You just have to listen to the news or read the papers to see it.
A time of rapid change for this anxiety and escape from anxiety,
and fans have been put on the defensive by neighbours,
the police teacher,
all of only quite long hair or being different with drugs.
It's a psychedelic trip.
Really worth risking damage to your minds and your bodies.
How do you know,
mom?
You've never experienced it,
you know.
Well,
i don't have syphilis,
so no,
i don't want it.
Behind every head of long hair does not like a mind distorted by drugs.
Some of the most thoughtful studios alert an eager mind belong to our sons and daughters.
Most kids,
they're essentially moral.
They think a great deal about who they are and where they're going.
It's so important.
Let the young for new ideas for ideas and even rebellions be
good.
If we live,
if we really if we must do right now and it's important to them
way given the same respect would give a passing stranger,
i might be able to get a move on.